README.md, before:


# Kin Python SDK 
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/kinfoundation/kin-sdk-python.svg?token=f7PF9BYUzqkMQU5JpUvN)](https://travis-ci.com/kinfoundation/kin-sdk-python)

## Requirements.

Make sure you have Python 2 >=2.7.9.

## Installation 

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/kinfoundation/kin-sdk-python.git
```

### Installation in Google App Engine Python Standard Environment
[GAE Python Standard environment](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/) executes Python 
application code using a pre-loaded Python interpreter in a safe sandboxed environment. The interpreter cannot 
load Python services with C code; it is a "pure" Python environment. However, the required
[web3 package](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/web3/) requires other packages that are natively implemented, namely
[pysha3](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pysha3) and [cytoolz](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/cytoolz).
In order to overcome this limitation, do the following:
1. Replace the `sha3.py` installed by pysha3 with the [attached sha3.py](sha3.py.alt).
2. Replace the installed `cytoolz` package with the `toolz` package.


## Usage

### Initialization
```python
import kin

# Init SDK with default parameters
# default parameters:
#   provider_endpoint_uri is https://mainnet.infura.io
#   contract_address is KIN production contract 0x818fc6c2ec5986bc6e2cbf00939d90556ab12ce5
#   contract_abi is KIN production contract ABI
# Note: this is useful for generic blockchain access, when public key is not needed.
kin_sdk = kin.TokenSDK()

# Init SDK with my private key and default parameters
kin_sdk = kin.TokenSDK(private_key='a60baaa34ed125af0570a3df7d4cd3e80dd5dc5070680573f8de0ecfc1957575')

# Init SDK with custom parameters
kin_sdk = kin.TokenSDK(provider_endpoint_uri='json-rpc endpoint uri', private_key='my private key',
                       contract_address='my contract address', contract_abi='abi of my contract as json')
````
 

### Get Wallet Details
```python
# Get my public address
address = kin_sdk.get_address()
```

### Getting Balance
```python
# Get Ether balance of my account
eth_balance = kin_sdk.get_ether_balance()

# Get KIN balance of my account
kin_balance = kin_sdk.get_token_balance()

# Get Ether balance of some address
eth_balance = kin_sdk.get_address_ether_balance('address')

# Get KIN balance of some address
kin_balance = kin_sdk.get_address_token_balance('address')
```

### Sending Coin
```python
# Send Ether from my account to some address
tx_id = kin_sdk.send_ether('address', 10)

# Send KIN from my account to some address
tx_id = kin_sdk.send_tokens('address', 10)
```

### Transaction Monitoring
```python
# Get transaction status
tx_status = kin_sdk.get_transaction_status(tx_id)
# returns one of:
#   kin.TransactionStatus.UNKNOWN
#   kin.TransactionStatus.PENDING
#   kin.TransactionStatus.SUCCESS
#   kin.TransactionStatus.FAIL

# Setup monitoring callback
tx_statuses = {}
def mycallback(tx_id, status, from_address, to_address, amount):
    tx_statuses[tx_id] = status
  
# Monitor KIN transactions from me 
kin_sdk.monitor_token_transactions(mycallback, from_address=kin_sdk.get_address())

# Send tokens
tx_id = kin_sdk.send_tokens('to address', 10)

# In a second or two, the transaction enters the pending queue
sleep(2)
assert tx_statuses[tx_id] == kin.TransactionStatus.PENDING

# Wait until transaction is confirmed 
waited = 0
while tx_statuses[tx_id] != kin.TransactionStatus.SUCCESS and waited <= 60:
    sleep(10)
    waited += 10
assert tx_statuses[tx_id] == kin.TransactionStatus.SUCCESS
```

## Development

```bash
# setup virtualenv
$ mkvirtualenv kin-python-sdk
$ workon kin-python-sdk

# setup pip and npm dependencies
$ make init

# work on code ...

# test
$ make test
```

The `make test` flow is as follows:
- run `testrpc` with predefined accounts filled with ether
- run `truffle deploy --reset` to compile and deploy your contract. This will aso add some tokens to the first account.
- run `python -m pytest -s -x test` to test your code

## Support & Discussion

## License
Code released under [GPLv2 license](LICENSE)

## Contributions 
 Pull requests and new issues are welcome. See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

Commit message:

test setup on ropsten and various fixes
- added testnet switch to run on ropsten (remote) or testnet (local)
- working with load balanced parity node on Ropsten
- fix for cytoolz -> toolz replacement in the workaround for GAE
standard
- fix for getting invalid transactions

README.md, after:


# Kin Python SDK 
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/kinfoundation/kin-sdk-python.svg?token=f7PF9BYUzqkMQU5JpUvN)](https://travis-ci.com/kinfoundation/kin-sdk-python)

## Requirements.

Make sure you have Python 2 >=2.7.9.

## Installation 

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/kinfoundation/kin-sdk-python.git
```

### Installation in Google App Engine Python Standard Environment
[GAE Python Standard environment](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/) executes Python 
application code using a pre-loaded Python interpreter in a safe sandboxed environment. The interpreter cannot 
load Python services with C code; it is a "pure" Python environment. However, the required
[web3 package](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/web3/) requires other packages that are natively implemented, namely
[pysha3](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pysha3) and [cytoolz](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/cytoolz).
In order to overcome this limitation, do the following:
1. Replace the `sha3.py` installed by pysha3 with the [attached sha3.py](sha3.py.alt).
2. Replace the installed `cytoolz` package with the `toolz` package.


## Usage

### Initialization
```python
import kin

# Init SDK with default parameters
# default parameters:
#   provider_endpoint_uri is https://mainnet.infura.io
#   contract_address is KIN production contract 0x818fc6c2ec5986bc6e2cbf00939d90556ab12ce5
#   contract_abi is KIN production contract ABI
# Note: this is useful for generic blockchain access, when public key is not needed.
kin_sdk = kin.TokenSDK()

# Init SDK with my private key and default parameters
kin_sdk = kin.TokenSDK(private_key='a60baaa34ed125af0570a3df7d4cd3e80dd5dc5070680573f8de0ecfc1957575')

# Init SDK with custom parameters
kin_sdk = kin.TokenSDK(provider_endpoint_uri='JSON-RPC endpoint URI', private_key='my private key',
                       contract_address='my contract address', contract_abi='abi of my contract as json')
````
For more examples, see the [SDK test file](test/test_sdk.py). The file also contains pre-defined values for testing
with testrpc and Ropsten.


### Get Wallet Details
```python
# Get my public address. The address is derived from the private key the SDK was inited with.
address = kin_sdk.get_address()
```

### Getting Account Balance
```python
# Get Ether balance of my account
eth_balance = kin_sdk.get_ether_balance()

# Get KIN balance of my account
kin_balance = kin_sdk.get_token_balance()

# Get Ether balance of some address
eth_balance = kin_sdk.get_address_ether_balance('address')

# Get KIN balance of some address
kin_balance = kin_sdk.get_address_token_balance('address')
```

### Sending Coin
```python
# Send Ether from my account to some address. The amount is in Ether.
tx_id = kin_sdk.send_ether('address', 10)

# Send KIN from my account to some address. The amount is in KIN.
tx_id = kin_sdk.send_tokens('address', 10)
```

### Transaction Monitoring
```python
# Get transaction status
tx_status = kin_sdk.get_transaction_status(tx_id)
# returns one of:
#   kin.TransactionStatus.UNKNOWN
#   kin.TransactionStatus.PENDING
#   kin.TransactionStatus.SUCCESS
#   kin.TransactionStatus.FAIL

# Setup monitoring callback
tx_statuses = {}
def mycallback(tx_id, status, from_address, to_address, amount):
    tx_statuses[tx_id] = status
  
# Monitor KIN transactions from me 
kin_sdk.monitor_token_transactions(mycallback, from_address=kin_sdk.get_address())

# Send tokens
tx_id = kin_sdk.send_tokens('to address', 10)

# In a second or two, the transaction enters the pending queue
for wait in range(0, 5000):
    if tx_statuses[tx_id] > kin.TransactionStatus.UNKNOWN:
        break
    sleep(0.001)
assert tx_statuses[tx_id] >= kin.TransactionStatus.PENDING

# Wait until transaction is confirmed 
for wait in range(0, 90):
    if tx_statuses[tx_id] > kin.TransactionStatus.PENDING:
        break
    sleep(1)
assert tx_statuses[tx_id] == kin.TransactionStatus.SUCCESS
```

## Development

```bash
# setup virtualenv
$ mkvirtualenv kin-python-sdk
$ workon kin-python-sdk

# setup pip and npm dependencies
$ make init

# work on code ...

# test with local testrpc
$ make test

# test with Ropsten
$ make test-ropsten
```

The `make test` flow is as follows:
- run `testrpc` with predefined accounts pre-filled with Ether.
- run `truffle deploy --reset` to compile and deploy your contract. This will aso add some tokens to the first account.
- run `python -m pytest -s -x test` to test your code

## Support & Discussion

## License
Code released under [GPLv2 license](LICENSE)

## Contributions 
 Pull requests and new issues are welcome. See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.
